Today, we will have one of the most remandado videos, we will talk about sllines.
To know which saddle is the best for us, we first need to understand
how does it work
a human pelvis,
I have here a model to show you all the bones that make it up
and so you will understand all perfectly. Fix yourself
which is formed mainly by two coxal bones, one right and one left
the sacrum and coccyx,
the coxal bones
in its beginning
are three differentiated bones, the ilium that is the upper part, the ischium
which is the bottom,
and the pubis that is the front
and then they are soldered and they form a single bone
also out of curiosity I tell you that it is
the widest bone of the body.
Well, what parts of the hip, the anatomy of the hip are going to interest us?
Well, we are going to be interested in the ischial tuberosities that is the most
prominent
lower,
note that it is also
the bone that when we sit down supports our weight
and it will also interest us a lot
the part of the union of the two coxal bones, which is this
union here called pubic symphysis,
Why are we going to be interested in this part? Well because from the bottom
of the pubic symphysis
they pass from the arteries and nerves that irrigate the genitals and fix what
pass
when
we rotate the hip forward by putting a position on the bike,
we have brought two tubes here so that what happens is very graphically
one could be the artery pudenda that is the one that waters all that area and another one
nerve that also goes to that area
and see what happens.
As soon as we rotate the hip forward
the bone itself clamp
the artery and the nerve
With which
we lose blood circulation
in the genital area
and this can cause us numbness and good, discomfort and if
we take to the extreme then major problems,
Does it look true? As the bone itself clamps, this is the most important thing that we are going to
teach today.
What happen
if we do it on a saddle?
If we do it on a traditional saddle that has this uniform shape
well clear the possibilities as soon as we rotate the hip to before
pincen
because they are very large, does not mean that these saddles are not worth and are bad
according to anatomy and the position of each one they can be comfortable
but we have
two solutions
Which are the following; saddles with a hollow designed in the center
to get over
this problem or a complete hole.
If you look
if the saddle is well made
the hollow
help
that although we go to the front
the impingement is much less or directly or does not exist and the same happens
if we have a complete hole,
we get that the impingement
alleviate enormously or directly that does not exist.
Both the hollow and the hollow
they are two solutions
very interesting
to avoid this problem.
Something important that we want to tell you is that everything we are telling you about
the anatomy of the hip and the impingement
of arteries
and nerves that irrigate the genitals serves both boys and girls
because the female hip has a slightly different shape and is a
little bit wider, but the arteries and nerves pass exactly through the
same place so the same problem is in guys or girls and the same
way to solve it also. All right,
let's go back now to the ischial tuberosity
the measurement between the isquial turosities is a very important measure to be able
choose a saddle that suits us, why?
Well, because there are measures in the saddles
that will adapt to the extent
of our ischial tuberosities, the distance between our
isquial tubeosities
Specealized was the first company
who thought about this and who started developing the same saddle but in
different measures
and a way to measure
this instance that we will now teach you
later more brands, uh ...
they joined this system for example Trek
with its range of Bontrager accessories
He also developed saddles with
different measures. The measurements in Specialized are
130, 143 and 155
and in Bontrager they are very similar but a little bit different 128, 138 and 148
when I speak
of these measures I'm talking about the width of the saddle this is a
saddle
measure 155 so if we measure from here here we will have a 155 saddle
and notice that this is the same saddle but in size 143
With which, do you see the difference? One is wider than another and one will be fine
one person and badly another according to the distance between
your support of the ischial tuberosities.
Well, how do we measure the ischial tuberosities? We do not have to remove
the hip,
we have something very simple that is this piece
what we call an asometer
It is a gel with this shape where we are going to sit, now we will see
and we are going to sink our
Ischia
and the measurement of our ischia
we will see then in a table that seat is the one that corresponds to us. All right,
before I start with the measurement I want to tell you that our distance from the
ischial tuberosities
it does not depend on weight, height, or pelvic thickness,
It depends on each person so you have to measure it in each person it is not worth a
weight and height, a thin pelvis
can have
a wide measurement between ischiones and vice versa
that is, it is a characteristic of each one, so let's measure it.
We sit
on
in the center of the gel
and we raise
the ankles so that we
record well
the footprint
of our ischia,
we got up
and we measure
with the measure the way I do not know if
you see it there because it is
hard to see
with the video, in my measurement they are
Well now with this measure
I go to the table and I say to see if I have 125 I am between 100 and 130
and I insist a lot depending on the position that you are going to take on the bike
I will need a wider or less wide saddle
because the support is going to be different
as I am in 125 I am in the middle measure and my position is either road or
mountain not of walk with which the measure of my correct saddle would be 143 that
It is also the one that I normally use
with this table
and this measure
you will know which is the saddle that best suits you
as for the size of the saddle and to be able to choose it correctly. Then which one
Is the best saddle? Well, there is no concrete or simple answer, because it depends
of the type of cycling we do, the position we take on the bike and
our own anatomy as we have taught you
in the next video
we will show you different types of saddles so that you know the
different characteristics of each
and you can choose which is the one that best suits your needs and
characteristics.
And nothing more
do not forget to give the "I like" if it has been interesting and subcribe to
always be the last. See you in the next video and thanks for
listen to us